README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Larissa! 👋

🚀 Software Engineer with experience in global business analysis and financial management.

🎓 Currently studying Software Development with a Bachelor's degree in Library Science.

💻 Proficient in HTML, CSS, Python, and expanding skills in JavaScript and APIs.

🌱 Passionate about technology and innovation, committed to continuous learning.

👥 Strong communicator and problem solver with a collaborative mindset, adaptable to diverse environments.

📫 Reach me at: [larissasilva2709@gmail.com](mailto:larissasilva2709@gmail.com) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/larissa-regina-da-silva)
 


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![LarissaCoder's-readme-stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=larissacoder&show_icons=true&hide=contribs,prs&cache_seconds=86400&theme=neon)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=larissacoder&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) badges: https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges-->

Commit message:

new sections add: projects, more about me, snake first try

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Larissa! 👋

<div align="right" style="margin-right: 10px;">
  <a href="mailto:larissasilva2709@gmail.com" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/larissa-regina-da-silva" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
</div>




- ⭐ Aspiring Software Engineer eager to kickstart my career in tech.
- 🎓 Currently studying Software Development with a Bachelor's degree in Library Science.
- 💻 Proficient in HTML, CSS, Python, and expanding skills in JavaScript and APIs.

<details>
<summary>More about me</summary> 
 
- 🌱 Passionate about technology and innovation, committed to continuous learning.
- 👥 Strong communicator and problem solver with a collaborative mindset, adaptable to diverse environments.
- 🌎 Based in Brazil, with dual Italian-Brazilian citizenship, open to opportunities worldwide.
</details>



![LarissaCoder's-readme-stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=larissacoder&show_icons=true&hide=contribs,prs&cache_seconds=86400&theme=neon)

### 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 


### 🚀 Projects

#### 🔨 In Progress...


[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=larissacoder&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) badges: https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges-->
